Add documentation for new datadog_dio Flutter package. (#32509)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/flutter/advanced_configuration.md

- `DatadogRumConfiguration.traceSampleRate` sets a default sampling rate of 20%. If you want all resources requests to generate a full distributed trace, set this value to `100.0`.

### Track resources from other packages

> While `Datadog Tracking HTTP Client` can track most common network calls in Flutter, Datadog supplies packages for integration into specific networking libraries, including gRPC, GraphQL and Dio. More information about these libraries is documented under [Integrated Libraries][22].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `Datadog Tracking HTTP Client` can track most common network calls in Flutter, Datadog supplies packages for integration into specific networking libraries, including gRPC, GraphQL and Dio. For more information about these libraries, see [Integrated Libraries][22].
```
